Update readme userguide (#32)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

title: User Guide
---

> LingoGO! is a **desktop app for university students learning a new language, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). With digital flashcards, LingoGO! can get your learning faster than traditional flashcards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LingoGO! is a **desktop app for university students learning a new language, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). With digital flashcards, LingoGO! can make learning faster and more convenient compared to using traditional flashcards.
```

> LingoGO! is a **desktop app for university students learning a new language, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). With digital flashcards, LingoGO! can make learning faster and more convenient compared to using than traditional flashcards.

Reviewer: See above comment on target audience

1. Ensure you have Java `11` or above installed in your Computer.

1. Download the latest `lingogo.jar` from [here](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/releases).

> 1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your LingoGO!.

Reviewer 2: for ~your~ LingoGO!

1. Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
   ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>
   Some example commands you can try:

   * **`add`**`q/hi a/hola` : Adds a flashcard for `hi` to the LingoGO!.

   * **`delete`**`3` : Deletes the flashcard with card number 3.

   * **`edit`**`1 q/hi a/hola` : Edit the flashcard with card number 1.

   * **`flip`**`2` : Flips the flashcard with card number 2 to show or hide the answer.
   

>    * **`test`**`1 a/good morning` : Tells the user whether the answer they entered for a flashcard is correct or wrong.

Reviewer 2: already covered by #36. i think this can be removed here as its duplicated

Reviewer: Agreed. For this section, I think it might be better if each person updates based on their assigned command so that the work done for each issue is clearer and there isn't any duplicate work done.

Reviewer 2: `add` and `delete` has already been done and merged into master

**:information_source: Notes about the command format:**<br>

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>

>   e.g. in `add q/DESCRIPTION a/DESCRIPTION`, `DESCRIPTION` is a parameter which can be used as `add q/hi a/hola`.

Reviewer 2: let's discuss the format for the `add` command this week

Reviewer 2: we will use e/ and f/ as discussed. this is already changed and merged into master, and thus can be removed from this PR

Format: `clear`

### Uploading cards : `upload`

Imports cards to LingoGO! using a CSV file.

Format: `upload CSV_FILE_PATH`

* The file path can be absolute or relative to the location of the LingoGO! file.
* The CSV file must have 2 columns. The first column is for English and the second column is for Foreign language.
  ![sample CSV file](images/SampleCSVFile.png)

Examples:

> * `upload ./dictionary.csv` will load all cards stored in the dictionary.csv to LingoGO!

Reviewer: `upload ./dictionary.csv` ~~will load all cards stored in the dictionary.csv to LingoGO!~~

Leave examples purely for the commands. All explanations should be in the bullet points before.

### Downloading cards : `download`

Exports cards from LingoGO! to a CSV file.

Format: `download`

* The exported file will be added to `data` folder in a CSV format.
* The CSV file will have 2 columns. The first column is for English and the second column is for Foreign language.

Examples:

> * `download` will load all cards stored in LingoGO! to the dictionary.csv.

Reviewer: Delete the examples section here since the command does not require any arguments.

Format: `clear`

### Uploading cards : `upload`

Imports cards to LingoGO! using a CSV file.

Format: `upload CSV_FILE_PATH`

* The file path can be absolute or relative to the location of the LingoGO! file.

> * The CSV file must have 2 columns. The first column is for the front page of the flashcard. The second column is for the other side.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can include a screenshot to show users an example CSV file so that it is easier for them to understand?

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------
**Add** | `add q/DESCRIPTION a/DESCRIPTION​` <br> e.g., `add q/hi a/hola`
**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit** | `edit CARD_NUMBER q/DESCRIPTION a/DESCRIPTION`<br> e.g.,`edit 1 q/hi a/hola`
**Flip** | `flip CARD_NUMBER`<br> e.g., `flip 3`
**Test** | `test CARD_NUMBER a/CORRECT_ANSWER`<br> e.g., `test 1 a/good morning`
**Upload** | `upload CSV_FILE_PATH`<br> e.g., `upload ./dictionary.csv`

> **Help** | `help [COMMAND]`<br> e.g., `help, help add`

Reviewer: Same comment as above, perhaps it would be better if we let each person update based on their assigned command so that the work done for each issue is clearly shown?

Reviewer 2: `add` has already been updated and merged into master
